feat: Project details frequent unhandled issues (#3210)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/projects/project-details/index.mdx

## Triage

> Use Project Details to view issues associated with this project, accessing the **Issue Details** page to triage the issue by either clicking **View All Issues** or the **Open in Issues** button located at the top of the **Frequent Unhandled Issues** listed on the page. The issues in the table are sorted by the number of events in the selected time range.

Reviewer: Minor edit to shorten sentence for readability

```suggestion
Use Project Details to view issues associated with this project and to access them for triage. You can navigate to the **Issue Details** page by clicking either **View All Issues** or the **Open in Issues** button located at the top of the **Frequent Unhandled Issues** listed on the page. The issues in the table are sorted by the number of events in the selected time range.
```
